hello beautiful direct from carmen
to everything
it's hard
they do not tell you it 's arturo
and you speak the same language
I'm not Spanish
but no
arturo arturo dura from a sword
it just makes me laugh
help you
so it's fallen
I am arturo man
What's up
boiled eggs
and about cities but because they are very
big
because it 's okay in your mouth
and tell me something about what more
I like you
so
good danielle even that of present
to vegetate
I do not know what support to ignore the
song of vegeta
They not did not give me
and vegeta
so direct youtube and more
and is willing to improvise a
song so power is calling
let's say 3 2 1
and ugt is the new in youtube of vegueta
and then on youtube
how is this base
place 21 the broom
please in that way just like the
first name
i
twenty-one
the direct one has more of the union
Vegueta subscribers makes very good
videos and diets of this raffle of vegueta
your favorite tail of second degree of
visits
with me not salchipapas that I stayed
back in throat because pension for
talk to him
brabo interpretation of our colleague
daniel a cold applause
and good guys here the video ends in the
we make a vegetable fan sing
the song of salchipapas a song
also improvised by the same voucher and
also the vegeta song so
Well, guys, I hope you've been cool
remember that these videos cost
quite as regards editing later to
write all the text so
I would appreciate it very much if you support it 6 with
a like if you are new that you write
because they are going to watch more videos so the
really cool a lot are pretty solid
and nothing that I explained in the
comments what you think about the
great interpretation of our colleague
daniel so good girls see you
until next time
bye